Does anyone have any questions on
all of this functioning goodness.
>> How did the fact answer work, because
it's comparing Boolean with a string.
>> So, yes.
So there is some small thing here
that we kind of glossed over.
Which is that I said that, in this slide,
I said it should compare a guess string.
And then actually when we tried it out,
we were comparing.
We passed in, I'm on the wrong page.
We passed in Booleans to isCorrect.
So what happens if I pass
in a string that says true?
False, why?
>> Because they're not the same.
>> They're not the same,
one's a Boolean, one is a string, right.
So if we have true string, well,
if I spell it right, "true" === true.
That's false.
And in fact, even our loosey-goosey
friend here would also agree.
Sometimes it cares.
>> Preposterous.
>> So, if I were to pass
in a string value of true.
>> My answer would have
to be a string as well.
>> The answer would have
How can we convert something to
a string that's not a string?
So there's actually a hidden trick.
A hidden spell in these wrapper
objects that JavaScript makes,
that we can actually call
a method to string on pretty much
any thing in JavaScript,
That converts it to string.
So what we could do and
I mentioned earlier.
If folks had a real good ear, I mentioned
that if you made true a Boolean.
Or this the answer a Boolean true or
false.
As you probably did.
Later, we might have to care
whether it's a Boolean or a string.
So what we can do,is if we're expecting,
and
let's rename our variable
here to guessString.
It's another fun little thing IDEs can do,
which is rename multiple
things at the same time.
If we're specifying that we're
expecting a string here.
We can actually make sure that
we're comparing apples to apples,
as it were, by converting fact.answer
to a string with .toString.
So this is gonna come into play,
because later when we pull out the thing
that they clicked on and it value in html.
We are dealing with strings all the time.
So we noticed if we look at our button,
I never defined it.
If we look at our,
what was it?
Option buttons zero.
We noticed that its value
is the string true.
So later this is gonna come into play.
So now if I try refreshing here with
my new newly converted isCorrect,
oops, is spelled incorrectly [LAUGH].
Okay, so our isCorrect,
now we know it's the updated version.
It's expecting a guest string.
If I now guess the string true, it works.
Because it has converted my
Boolean fact.answer to a string.
And just to make sure
that we're not losing it,
isCorrect false string does
say that it's false, cool?
Okay, good question.